Update API docs (#12131)
metabase/metabase: docs/api-documentation.md

## `GET /api/database/`

Fetch all `Databases`.

  * `include=tables` means we should hydrate the Tables belonging to each DB. Default: `false`.

  * `saved` means we should include the saved questions virtual database. Default: `false`.

  * `include_tables` is a legacy alias for `include=tables`, but should be considered deprecated as of 0.35.0, and will
    be removed in a future release.

  * `include_cards` here means we should also include virtual Table entries for saved Questions, e.g. so we can easily
    use them as source Tables in queries. This is a deprecated alias for `saved=true` + `include=tables` (for the saved

>     questions virtual DB). Prefer using `include` and `saved` instead. 

Reviewer: Looks like there's some funky unnecessary whitespace in lines 856–861.

##### PARAMS:

*  **`include_tables`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be a valid boolean string ('true' or 'false').

*  **`include_cards`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be a valid boolean string ('true' or 'false').

> *  **`include`** null

Reviewer: Is this all this needs to say?

Author: No, I think there might be something wrong with the generator:
https://github.com/metabase/metabase/blob/e1746b4f66f6dc77a4acca84be3f403b0cd48853/src/metabase/api/database.clj#L190
I guess it should generate something like this?
``` *  **`include`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be `tables` ```
Fixing it manually will remove it next time we run it, so we need to fix the generator.
But I don't understand how the generator works - Clojure.

Author: ```suggestion
*  **`include`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be `tables`
```

*  **`saved`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be a valid boolean string ('true' or 'false').

## `GET /api/database/:id`

Get a single Database with `id`. Optionally pass `?include=tables` or `?include=tables.fields` to include the Tables

>   belonging to this database, or the Tables and Fields, respectively.

Reviewer: Seeing unnecessary newline and spaces here.

##### PARAMS:

*  **`id`** 

*  **`include`** value may be nil, or if non-nil, value must be one of: `tables`, `tables.fields`.

## `GET /api/database/:id/autocomplete_suggestions`

Return a list of autocomplete suggestions for a given `prefix`.

  This is intened for use with the ACE Editor when the User is typing raw SQL. Suggestions include matching `Tables`

>   and `Fields` in this `Database`.

Reviewer: Unnecessary newline and spaces.

## `GET /api/geojson/:key`

Fetch a custom GeoJSON file as defined in the `custom-geojson` setting. (This just acts as a simple proxy for the

>   file specified for `key`).

Reviewer: Unnecessary newline and spaces.

*  **`id`** 

## `DELETE /api/pulse/:id/subscription/email`

> For uses to remove themselves from a pulse subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users to unsubscribe themselves from a pulse or alert subscription.
```

## `POST /api/setup/`

Special endpoint for creating the first user during setup. This endpoint both creates the user AND logs them in and

>   returns a session ID.

Reviewer: Unnecessary newline and spaces.
